# A-STUDY-ON-DOMESTIC-WATER-CONSUMPTION-PATTERN-IN-TONGI-BAZAR-AREA
This research work examines domestic water consumption pattern in residential houses of Arichpur, Tongi Bazar area, to understand its use and explores the impact of insights from distribution logic by using 50 residents survey data collected by research students. Water crisis has recently become a major problem in Tongi area, where overpopulation and industrialization have significant impact on water table depletion. The population of Tongi municipal is about 410000. The water supply of Tongi area cannot meet the total demand. As the scarcity of drinkable water is increasing day by day, reducing water consumption should be a top priority.
We conducted a survey of 50 families in Arichpur and Tongi Bazar area to determine the quantity of consumable water people require in their daily usages. Mainly, the survey was conducted in apartments, semi pacca houses and tin shade houses of the that area. Primary information’s has been obtained through questionnaire surveys and discussions with people from different disciplines. Other information regarding water supply and management, wastewater disposal system etc. was collected from authority and municipal officials by informal discussions. 
The research demonstrates how much water people need for various activities separately (like bathing, drinking, toilet, faucets, washing, cooking etc.). We have observed 128 LPCD's perperson consumption of water. According to the research, there is also a chance of water savings, greywater reuse (approximately 54% of greywater may be reused), financial savings, and resource savings from a decrease in people's daily water use, depending on habit and system. The main obstacles to conservation measures in the Tongi area are system failure in the primary distribution system, non-metered connections, lower water rates, and a lack of knowledge regarding the value of water.
The research also shows the statistical analysis of water consumption with other variables such as households family members, monthly income, monthly water bill, flat area etc. Correlation and regression values of these variables helped us to determine the relation type, significancy and future predictions depending on water consumption. In regression analysis, we have found the R square value 0.579, which indicates the predictions based on variables would be 57.9% accurate. For example, when 1 person in a family increase depending on that water consumption increases by 65.468 liters. We used Excel and SPSS statistical analysis software to do these assumptions. 
